fizzbuzz-docs/src/main/asciidoc/architecture.adoc, before:

== Development Notes

- Step 1: Two if are still readable and manageable complexitywise so no refactoring toward a more oo design
- Step 2: The new feature require a modification in the design. We can use the OCP to transform the code so that we can add this rule (and possibly new ones) without changing the fizzbuzz engine.
- GOOS by Example: double cycle of TDD one for the feature one for the units with London Style. I tried an outside in approach using a library to test the specification in a BBD style.

== Continuous Integration

- Created some github actions configuration to run the code and build it to each and every push

== Architecture

Generally speaking, I use a DDD approach where the domain module containing the business logic is the bounded context and is connected through the outside world using module adapters (hexagonal/port and adapters architecture).

The software is composed by the following modules:

- fizzbuzz-domain
- fizzbuzz-cli
- fizzbuzz-api
- fizzbuzz-ui
- fizzbuzz-docs

=== fizzbuzz-domain
Where the domain logic resides

=== fizzbuzz-cli
TODO

=== fizzbuzz-api
TODO

=== fizzbuzz-ui
TODO

=== fizzbuzz-docs
TODO

Commit message:

Refactored the name of the use case that generate the list of fizzbuzz words.
This refactoring is preluding to a shift of respondiblities

fizzbuzz-docs/src/main/asciidoc/architecture.adoc, after:

== Development Notes

- Step 1: Two if are still readable and manageable complexitywise so no refactoring toward a more oo design
- Step 2: The new feature require a modification in the design. We can use the OCP to transform the code so that we can add this rule (and possibly new ones) without changing the fizzbuzz engine.
- GOOS by Example: double cycle of TDD one for the feature one for the units with London Style. I tried an outside in approach using a library to test the specification in a BBD style.
- UseCase class define the entry point of the application.
- ubuquitous language: fizzbuzz word is a translated item, the mapper translate a number in a word, the reporter create a report out of a list of words and a generator generates words after a sequence of numbers until an end range

== Continuous Integration

- Created some github actions configuration to run the code and build it to each and every push

== Architecture

Generally speaking, I use a DDD approach where the domain module containing the business logic is the bounded context and is connected through the outside world using module adapters (hexagonal/port and adapters architecture).

The software is composed by the following modules:

- fizzbuzz-domain
- fizzbuzz-cli
- fizzbuzz-api
- fizzbuzz-ui
- fizzbuzz-docs

=== fizzbuzz-domain
Where the domain logic resides

=== fizzbuzz-cli
TODO

=== fizzbuzz-api
TODO

=== fizzbuzz-ui
TODO

=== fizzbuzz-docs
TODO
